hello hello today I'm going to make a video of what
what do I wear and all wearing my
new phone iphone file that I
They gave me for my birthday and I wanted
see the quality of the camera and if everything
it goes well I'll see if I can start
make videos like this very fast so that you do not
be delayed waiting for a video of mine
or let's see how it looks I feel weird
because I want to look at it here and I want
look there and I have to look at her
then to see if not to start I'm going
to teach what I bring from
accessory I have these earrings that I do not
agreement
or no no no no formation in one are some
big buoys I love these where
I bring this playpen that says face
this one of us had it up to me
a while I have is the ring
of jaume that comes from a set but not
I have that device, I do not have one
today of clothes I bring this stress of
training posts and simon makes a
I bought it for a while but I love it
this color like a beige mine and for
below I have a pullover a chiche
night also that I bought and I love
as it has navy color and is beige
who can combine with many things
saying this I am and I do not have left
also with the boots because they are not very
adjusted but no way
these are from the brand and I bought it in
nordstrom and the other ones that I have
I love it very much I wear it
all the time
especially now in the winter and
these are from gstaad they are called lacuesta and
I like that they look like boots
cowboy cowboy but they are not so much
I do not know if they do not know how to understand
They are girl because they are very casual
and then the wallet took this bag
black
and they already have a little worker and they
It looks a lot like a designer bag
but this is not designer or you 're
crazy I bought it on stage I like it
a lot because it's in black is something that
can combine with all things and
this part below gives you like a touch
well as they say to fashion and I love
This is what you see this this today
It's nothing special but
I think that well combined there
I like it a lot because I'm not everyone
can you
I am those we are all going to see how I
is this video I hope you have them
liked and I talk to you the next video
chat